>> Brian Holt: So I wanna make it, so
that this pet component can be used for
multiple different pet types, right?
I don't want it to just be useful for
Brian's pet, right.
So what we're going to do is we're going
to make this a little bit more flexible.
So what we're going to do
is we're going to have pet.
Take into something called props.
So these are gonna be properties that are
gonna be passed from the parent component.
The parent component
being app in this case.
To the child component which in
this case will be Pet, right?
So we're gonna accept
props from the parent.
And rather than say, lunar right here
we're gonna say, props.name, right?
So we're gonna pass from the parents,
a name prop which is going to be rendered
out instead of just luna directly.
Same here, we're gonna say,
props.animal and here it's gonna be,
props.breed, so that's a start.
Now, we have made this a lot more
flexible that it can represent any pet.
And here,
I'm going to actually do this all at once.
We're going to add these
props are gonna be passed in.
So I am going to say name,
Luna, animal,
she is a dog, and
breed she is a habanies.
But now,
we can have it represent not just luna but
we can have it represent other animals.
So this is gonna be,
this is my bird growing up.
She's a cockatiel.
>> Brian Holt: And
this is my neighbor's cat.
So she named her cat Doink.
I don't really understand that.
I think, it's cuz the cat's mostly
blind and just runs into walls.
It's an adorable cat.
And she's a mixed breed of some sort.
But name it whatever pets you
feel like naming it, right?
>> Brian Holt: So now,
what do you expect to see?
Rather than having Luna, dog, Havanese,
now we're gonna have Luna, dog,
Havanese for the top one.
But we're gonna have Pepper, bird,
Cockatiel underneath that and
Doink, cat, mixed underneath that.
So if I save this and come back over here
and refresh the page, you'll see now
that we have this flexible pet component
that's rendering out different things.
So now, it has become a lot more flexible.
Now, this is actually starting to
seem a little bit more useful than
just rendering out mark up.